debezium/dbz#1769 Add OpenTelemetry tracing documentation for Cassandra connector (#7313)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/connectors/cassandra.adoc

|===

[[cassandra-tracing]]
=== Tracing

The Cassandra connector supports distributed tracing through the https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/otel/[OpenTelemetry] API.

> When tracing is enabled, the connector creates two nested spans for each change event that it emits:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When tracing is enabled, the connector creates the following nested spans for each change event that it emits:
```

`__debezium.context.taskId`:: The unique identifier of the connector task.
`__debezium.context.connectorName`::  The name of the {prodname} connector.

|[[cassandra-property-tracing-enabled]]<<cassandra-property-tracing-enabled, `tracing.enabled`>>
|`false`

> |Enables OpenTelemetry tracing for change events emitted by the connector, if the OpenTelemetry API JAR is available on the classpath.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Specifies whether to enable OpenTelemetry tracing for change events emitted by the connector. 
To enable tracing, the OpenTelemetry API JAR must be available on the classpath.
```
